feat(FloatingFocusManager): support returning focus to the first focusable descendent of the reference (#2826)
floating-ui/floating-ui: .changeset/cyan-insects-know.md

---
"@floating-ui/react": patch
---

> Enhances the return focus functionality of FloatingFocusManager to return focus to the first focusable descendant of the reference element, if the reference element itself is not focusable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix(FloatingFocusManager): return focus to the first tabbable descendant of the reference element if the reference element itself is not focusable
```
